Stanford: 4 on-campus beverages you should be drinking

1. Italian soda at Bytes

When's the last time you've had an Italian soda? It had been a while for me, but I wanted to join my friend because she had been craving something sweet and refreshing for a few weeks. Bytes is a casual eatery that sells quick and easy food. They can whip up some great Italian sodas by mixing some flavored syrup and carbonated water. The Italian sodas at Bytes also have cream in them (or maybe they do if you ask, I honestly don't remember because my friend ordered this one for me). Overall, great tasting and refreshing, but it does leave a fizzy aftertaste.

Recommendation: Raspberry Italian Soda

2. Bubble tea at Pop Tea Bar

When your boba craving strikes, head over to Pop Tea Bar, a cute little bubble tea shop on Cambridge Ave, a short walk from campus (about 0.3 miles). They have some great drinks that are perfect for a warm spring day. Their tea is of high quality and the boba is soft, chewy, and sweet, which is essential. They have little bite-sized food options (like vegetable egg rolls and snack-size portions). They also have indoor seating, but they have a cute outdoor area in the back for warmer days.

To get there: Pop Tea Bar is about 0.3 miles (6 minutes) from the Li Ka Shing Center for Learning and Knowledge and it's a short walk from there. (11 minutes total from the Gates Computer Science Building!)

Recommendation: Classic Milk Tea and Lattes - any flavor of popping boba!

3. Latte at CoHo

CoHo, a popular student hangout, has a particularly amazing Vanilla Bean Latte, only because CoHo is the only place I've seen that has it on campus (and I love my vanilla). I'm not exactly sure what a Vanilla Bean Latte is supposed to taste like. What I do know is the Vanilla Bean Latte I ordered on a whim from CoHo was delicious.

Recommendation: Vanilla Bean Latte

4. Agua Fresca at Nexus Cafe

If you're looking for an alternative to water and tea, Agua Fresca is something you should seek out. It's a soft, fresh and fruity beverage before you head to the check out line. Nexus Cafe has plenty of indoor and outdoor seating to enjoy the warm weather with a refreshing drink. The cafe is a little pricey, but it's great for a special occasion.

Recommendation: Agua Fresca

The text has been extracted and formatted as requested. Let me know if you need any other help!
